

BFN Viktor Alksnis, former USSR Supreme Soviet deputy, today reminded us of his existence.
Viktor Alksnis, born 1950, Latvian, former deputy of the Supreme Soviet of the former USSR, soldier, resigned from the Army in order to fight for the restoration of the USSR.
During the October events he left the White House with a head wound and was taken to hospital.
After a long interval Viktor Alksnis held a news conference today in the Slavjanskaya Hotel.
He began it with a short statement, the essence of which comes down to the fact that the adoption of the Latvian citizenship law violates not only human rights, but creates the conditions for a conflict similar, in his opinion, to the ones in Yugoslavia and the Caucasus.
It was not only the Latvian Government Alksnis accused of this, but also the United States.
According to him, during the latest visit to the United States by Guntis Ulmanis, sanction was obtained for the adoption of the aforementioned discriminatory law.
And thus carte blanche was given for mild ethnic cleansing of the Russian speaking population of the republic.
Apart from that, Alksnis added, according to information received from reliable sources, certain circles in Moscow want conflict in Latvia.
A certain scenario exists to drive a so-called security corridor along the route Daugavpils-Yekabpils-Riga where stringent ethnic cleansing of the Latvian population will take place in reply to the mild ethnic cleansing of the Russian population in order to bring so-called independent Latvia to its knees.
Journalists asked for more precise information about what Alksnis called reliable sources.
You understand that I cannot name these sources.
But I can say that they are fairly authoritative.
Asked what he intends to do, Alksnis said his opportunities are unfortunately limited, and that is why he is appealing to journalists.
In his opinion, only joint efforts can bring this information to the attention of world public opinion, point out the seriousness of this issue, and avoid the coming tragedy.